all right
close me down oh yeah perfect now we
know what the outdoor showers are for on
these things yeah yeah all over your
face
three words
99 problems but a mortgage ain't one
well this is uh this is insane
look up at the skies does it look like
it's overcast here in Vancouver well
it's not that's smoke there are so many
wildfires in BC right now um thank you
for Island has got a lot of them and I
guess the smoke from Vancouver Island is
blowing across the water and came over
here I can smell the smoke driving with
the windows open right middle of the
city crazy they did predict over a year
ago that we were gonna have a fairly
large El Nino this year which means that
the West Coast was supposed to be drier
than normal
and back east
patchy below normal and of course other
parts of the world it's snowing so kind
of knew this was going to happen because
most of BC is desert country and the
parts that aren't desert country are dry
because in there all forested so some
fires are caused by humans accidentally
and then of course lightning starts
thousands of fires as well it's kind of
weird it's like the whole city looks
kind of goldish brown like it's just
that there just a tinge everywhere
oh well I have to get done
wildfires with that weather pattern
change usually blows on my face right
now it's east to west let's just
lingering it will clear this afternoon
will reach I've 29 degrees at the 36
inland clear night low 17
Sun is definitely a reappear for Monday
with a high of 27 up to 32 further
inland 20 therefore it's 20 degrees is
30 in the valley in 22 downtown
suddenly I'm really hungry
kitty kitties all soaking wet because
her mommy soaked her down with a water
bottle and she's loving it cuz it's hot
today she was panting he feel good now
oh it feels good eh gonna take care of
your animals in this head in this
weather it's 34 degrees right now
so it's hot not much wind either
she's just taking and she takes it like
a bit but she loves it
she's loving it
bathtime
QT all right here's a special shout out
to Alan who sent me two of these
t-shirts look at that what happens in
the van stays in the van of Scooby Doo
teasers thanks so much buddy you rock
keep on rockin the free world and also a
big shout out to Bruno for sending me
this amazing book of custom vans it's in
French so I guess it's from Quebec but
it's so cool some really cool vintage
decked out vans and stories about them
it is awesome thank you so much this is
exactly the sort of stuff I love big
props buddy so cool what's up buddy you
say hi say hi but if I pour it on her no
I should just stay thin my dad is I have
owned a pickup truck that you have to
use for work oh yeah are the big ones
with the Ariat so here at the Canadian
front yard RV park we have a waiter
taking our order yes
cheddar and Swiss on my burger please
thank you all right
now I don't know if this is going to
show up on camera but if you guys can
see this even just a block away you can
see all the smoke in the trees and the
Sun I don't know how this is so but it's
so blotted out there's no clouds in the
sky it's completely clear and I'm
pointing the camera directly at the Sun
it is so smoky
and this is in a Vancouver suburb Wow
there they see all the smoke it's from
our burgers
oh come on guys be friends cuz she's
like stay the hell away from my van you
bastard usually get off my property
bitch she's a very productive AMA man
yeah she'll run to the van and just
stand there like this and she won't
leave the van if there's another cat by
the van she'll run up to the van and be
like this is my van Wow no guard kitty
good scoops scoops is all puffed up oh
boy there's spooks
Boop spits a lot - yeah Revit like a
real girl yeah
there you go pretty sound advice
Oh
pick up your keep on rockin in the free
world sticker now or choose from some of
the others over on my site at Justin
credible dotnet